Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/configuring-maintaining/debugging-and-troubleshooting/_index.md

## Verbose logging

In order to get more logs from AcraConnector, AcraServer or AcraTranslator, you can add `-v` (or even `-d`) flags to their configuration.

> You can also switch `-d` flag in running AcraServer using [acra-webconfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated after 0.90.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also switch `-d` flag in running AcraServer using [acra-webconfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated since 0.91.0).
```
